README.md, before:

# dotfiles

These are my personal dotfiles with the majority of the configuration around Vim. Feel free to base your own dotfiles on these, in fact, I encourage it. Using these settings blindly probably isn't a good idea though, it's set up exactly how I want things, not how you want them.

If you do wish to try any of this out though, all you have to do is source or symlink the config file from each directory. This varies depending on the tool. JSHint requires a symlink, but you can source with bash or Vim, for example.

Please [hit me on twitter][twitter] or some other medium, such as signal fires, if you have a question. I hope you find this useful!

## Installation (for my own benefit mainly)

All of these instructions assume the repository has been cloned into your home directory under the name `dotfiles`.

### bash

Add this to `~/.bashrc`.

```bash
source ~/dotfiles/bash/config.sh
```

You may want to set the terminal colours in `~/.bashrc` too.

```bash
export TERM=xterm-256color
```

### ctags

```bash
ln -s ~/dotfiles/ctags/config ~/.ctags
```

### git

Add this to `~/.gitconfig`.

```gitconfig
[include]
	path = ~/dotfiles/git/config
```

### jshint

```bash
ln -s ~/dotfiles/jshint/config.json ~/.jshintrc
```

### tmux

Add this to `~/.tmux.conf`.

```
source-file $HOME/dotfiles/tmux/config.conf
```

You can add ignore rules to `~/dotfiles/git/ignore`.

### vim

Add this to `~/.vimrc`.

```vim
source $HOME/.vim/config.vim
```

Then sync and compile [YouCompleteMe][].

```bash
cd .vim
./sync-bundles.sh
./compile/ycm.sh
```

### emacs

Add this to `~/.emacs`.

```bash
(load "~/dotfiles/emacs/init.el")
```

## Things you'll probably also want

 * [autojump][] (package manager)
 * [git-smart][] (`gem install git-smart`)

[twitter]: https://twitter.com/OliverCaldwell
[autojump]: https://github.com/joelthelion/autojump
[git-smart]: https://github.com/geelen/git-smart
[youcompleteme]: https://github.com/Valloric/YouCompleteMe

Commit message:

Added note on compiling helm.

README.md, after:

# dotfiles

These are my personal dotfiles with the majority of the configuration around Vim. Feel free to base your own dotfiles on these, in fact, I encourage it. Using these settings blindly probably isn't a good idea though, it's set up exactly how I want things, not how you want them.

If you do wish to try any of this out though, all you have to do is source or symlink the config file from each directory. This varies depending on the tool. JSHint requires a symlink, but you can source with bash or Vim, for example.

Please [hit me on twitter][twitter] or some other medium, such as signal fires, if you have a question. I hope you find this useful!

## Installation (for my own benefit mainly)

All of these instructions assume the repository has been cloned into your home directory under the name `dotfiles`.

### bash

Add this to `~/.bashrc`.

```bash
source ~/dotfiles/bash/config.sh
```

You may want to set the terminal colours in `~/.bashrc` too.

```bash
export TERM=xterm-256color
```

### ctags

```bash
ln -s ~/dotfiles/ctags/config ~/.ctags
```

### git

Add this to `~/.gitconfig`.

```gitconfig
[include]
	path = ~/dotfiles/git/config
```

### jshint

```bash
ln -s ~/dotfiles/jshint/config.json ~/.jshintrc
```

### tmux

Add this to `~/.tmux.conf`.

```
source-file $HOME/dotfiles/tmux/config.conf
```

You can add ignore rules to `~/dotfiles/git/ignore`.

### vim

Add this to `~/.vimrc`.

```vim
source $HOME/.vim/config.vim
```

Then sync and compile [YouCompleteMe][].

```bash
cd .vim
./sync-bundles.sh
./compile/ycm.sh
```

### emacs

Add this to `~/.emacs`.

```bash
(load "~/dotfiles/emacs/init.el")
```

You'll also have to compile helm after el-get clones it with `make`.

## Things you'll probably also want

 * [autojump][] (package manager)
 * [git-smart][] (`gem install git-smart`)

[twitter]: https://twitter.com/OliverCaldwell
[autojump]: https://github.com/joelthelion/autojump
[git-smart]: https://github.com/geelen/git-smart
[youcompleteme]: https://github.com/Valloric/YouCompleteMe
